

- you use proper distances in projection throughout. Usually people use comoving distances
(including in the simulations)

First line of abstract
"ultra-red galaxies formation the S2CLS” - do you mean “from the S2CLS” rather than “formation”?

MNRAS will make you spell out DSFGs, LBGs and ETGs in the Abstract

isn’t “absolute colour” the same as colour, given that the luminosity distance is the same? Or
are you trying to say “rest-frame B-I colours”?

Introduction, end of first paragraph. At this point you haven’t told us the redshifts you
are considering, so the Lyman Break mention seems a bit out of place (at lower redshifts
things like H-alpha have been used for fairly accurate star formation measurements
for decades). Also, the implication that at high redshifts the LBG work has been superseded
by sub-mm isn’t how most people would view it (LBGs still outnumber SMGs, probe
lower SFRs out to higher-zs, and the most recent work on UV slopes and also some ALMA
work imply that many or most of the high-z LBGs are relatively dust-free).

I’m not sure footnote 1 is necessary (or even makes sense - why 100um? surely the peak depends
on temperature…)

page 2 top right - not sure we are currently short of proto-cluster candidates (given e.g. all the SPT and Planck
SZ candidate clusters, and plenty of red-sequence based candidates)

final section of intro - need to use superscript for km/s units power in H_0 (km s^{-1} Mpc^{-1})

Start of Section 2.3 - this is the only mention of LABOCA in the entire paper, and it’s not explained

unlensed (equation 1), “likely lensed” paragraph 1 of Section 2.4

The last full paragraph on page 4 seems a bit defeatist - the selection in this paper is less good
than that in Paper I due to the lack of human inspection

Page 5, end of paragraph 2
"If the IMF were top heavy, then the SFRs calculated with equation (3) would be over-estimated by a factor of ≈ 3×.” -
surely this factor depends on the slope of the IMF and any high-mass cut-off. What “top heavy” IMF
did you assume?

page 5 second column paragraph 2 - not sure you can “subtend” a redshift (subtend refers to an arc,
or transverse extent). Perhaps use “occupy”
and the inequality is round the wrong way (should be 4.9'>R_eff>3.8’)
and in paragraph 5:
"In this idealised representation, each surrounding galaxies” —> "In this idealised representation, each _of the_ surrounding galaxies"

Page 6, end of first column "The former indicate where the ultra-red galaxies lie in relation to their closest over-density peaks.” -
it is unclear what “The former” refers to - the previous sentence just mentions Fig 4.

page 7 top of right column (and equation 9) - is it really worth mentioning gravitational redshift? This
should be insignificant

page 14 paragraph 1
"Or, is their any dependence” —> "Or, is _there_ any dependence”

footnotes 6&7 (page 14) overlap the second column of text

page 14 second column paragraph 3 "LBGs around ultra-red galaxies at z ∼ 3 should have limited-to-no data at wavelengths shorter than the central wavelength of U/B bands”
- easier to say the LBGs at z~3 should be undetected in the U-band due to the Lyman limit, and should
be faint in the B-band due to Lyman-alpha forest absorption. Don’t use “no data” - it implies the imaging doesn’t exist, when
you mean to say they are undetected. And later in this paragraph there is the confusing text
"we required that their detected K-band photometry was below the (3–5)-σ_K limiting magnitude” - are you saying
they should be undetected in K (before 3sigma? or 5sigma?) - I rather think you want them to be detected in K-band
(rest-frame B/V) as this is more sensitive to the stellar mass than the rest-UV. But the text might be confusing
due to using magnitudes - stick to saying if it is brighter or fainter than the S/N=3 (or 5?)

footnote 8 "(i.e. apertures containing no containing no galaxies)” - some missing or repeated text here?


